Updating the hardware page (#340)
NUbots/NUbook: src/book/02-system/04-hardware/01-overview.mdx

  - Replaceable keystone ports (usb-c, usb-3, and ethernet).
  - Replaceable data cables to NUC.
  - New bigger buttons.

<Alert>

The **RED** button relaxes the servos.

The **BLUE** button starts behaviour.

The **BLACK** button stops behaviour.

</Alert>

## Servos

The arms and head of the NUgus robot use [Dynamixel MX64AR servos](http://emanual.robotis.com/docs/en/dxl/mx/mx-64/), with two in each shoulder, one in each elbow, and two in the neck. The legs use both [Dynamixel XH540-W270-R servo](https://emanual.robotis.com/docs/en/dxl/x/xh540-w270/) and [Dynamixel MX106 servos](http://emanual.robotis.com/docs/en/dxl/mx/mx-106/), with two X series in each ankle, one in each knee, and two in each hip, with the two hip yaw servos remaining as MX-106.

Custom 3d printed Onyx mounts are now used, but over time it has been determined that parts such as the knee servo mounts and the idle wheel mounts may better to be printed from PETG filament.

> - The custom mounts that retain MX style idle wheels due to x-series idle horn design are detrimental to the robot and should be upgraded in future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom mounts that retain MX style idle wheels on x-series servos. MX style idle wheels are preferred due to being bolted rather than the clip-in design of the x-series idle wheels. 
```

## Computing

> The NUgus robot uses the [Intel NUC12WSHi7](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/products/sku/121640/intel-nuc-12-pro-kit-nuc12wshi7/specifications.html). It has 32GB of RAM, a 1TB SSD, and NUsense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NUgus robot uses the [Intel NUC12WSHi7](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/products/sku/121640/intel-nuc-12-pro-kit-nuc12wshi7/specifications.html). It has 32GB of RAM, a 1TB SSD, and a NUsense subcontroller.
```
